clddf0fjy000609mb8ufnb728.md, before:

# How to download or play online McDonald’s game in 2023? [WINDOWS/MAC/LINUX]

The other day I got nostalgic about this game ; a satirical [parody](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parody) of the business practices of the corporate quick-service restaurant giant [McDonald’s](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McDonald%27s), taking the guise of a tycoon-style business-simulation game.

![default mcdonalds videogame image taken from wikimedia ](https://fallcheetah7373.files.wordpress.com/2023/01/image.png?w=688 align="left")

So without further ado lets get right into it…

### Step wise method to download or play the game online:-

1. To download the game go to the official website here: [https://www.molleindustria.org/mcdonalds/](https://www.molleindustria.org/mcdonalds/) and click on respective platform wise downloads.
    
    ![image with download buttons highligted for the mcdonalds game](https://fallcheetah7373.files.wordpress.com/2023/01/screenshot-from-2023-01-26-23-06-27.png?w=945 align="left")
    

2\. For linux or online users you will have to use the game online here: [https://www.molleindustria.org/flash/index.html?file=/swf/mcdonalds.swf](https://www.molleindustria.org/flash/index.html?file=/swf/mcdonalds.swf)

*IMPORTANT NOTE: THE OFFICIAL SITE FOR THE GAME MENTIONED IN THIS POST MIGHT BE DOWN DEPENDING ON THE TRAFFIC IF THAT IS THE CASE I WOULD RECOMMEND TRYING* ***1 to 2 hours*** *LATER.*

**Author’s website;** [**https://fallcheetah7373.github.io**](https://fallcheetah7373.github.io)

\*This blog was a repost over from wordpress after the author realised that this platform existed!\*

Commit message:

update post: How to download or play online McDonald’s game in 2023? [WINDOWS/MAC/LINUX]

clddf0fjy000609mb8ufnb728.md, after:

# How to download or play online McDonald’s game in 2023? [WINDOWS/MAC/LINUX]

The other day I got nostalgic about this game ; a satirical [parody](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parody) of the business practices of the corporate quick-service restaurant giant [McDonald’s](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McDonald%27s), taking the guise of a tycoon-style business-simulation game. The purpose of this article is to simplify the download process since there is a bunch useless bloat on the internet regarding this game:

![default mcdonalds videogame image taken from wikimedia ](https://fallcheetah7373.files.wordpress.com/2023/01/image.png?w=688 align="left")

So without further ado lets get right into it…

### Step wise method to download or play the game online:-

1. To download the game go to the official website here: [https://www.molleindustria.org/mcdonalds/](https://www.molleindustria.org/mcdonalds/) and click on respective platform wise downloads.
    
    ![image with download buttons highligted for the mcdonalds game](https://fallcheetah7373.files.wordpress.com/2023/01/screenshot-from-2023-01-26-23-06-27.png?w=945 align="left")
    

2\. For linux or online users you will have to use the game online here: [https://www.molleindustria.org/flash/index.html?file=/swf/mcdonalds.swf](https://www.molleindustria.org/flash/index.html?file=/swf/mcdonalds.swf)

*IMPORTANT NOTE: THE OFFICIAL SITE FOR THE GAME MENTIONED IN THIS POST MIGHT BE DOWN DEPENDING ON THE TRAFFIC IF THAT IS THE CASE I WOULD RECOMMEND TRYING* ***1 to 2 hours*** *LATER.*

**Author’s website;** [**https://fallcheetah7373.github.io**](https://fallcheetah7373.github.io)

\*This blog was a repost over from wordpress after the author realised that this platform existed!\*
